# Il Progetto

BrewDay! prende ispirazione dall'omonimo progetto sponsorizzato da [Nazareno Aguirre](http://dc.exa.unrc.edu.ar/staff/naguirre/Pagina_Personal_de_Nazareno_Aguirre/Principal.html) in occasione dello [SCORE Contest 2018](http://score-contest.org/2018/index.php), una competizione internazionale di Ingegneria del Software che si tiene con cadenza annuale e riservata a studenti non oltre il grado di Master's Degree, corrispondente in Italia alla Laurea Magistrale.

Riportiamo qui di seguito il _testo originale del progetto_, integralmente reperibile sulla [pagina dedicata a BrewDay](http://score-contest.org/2018/projects/brewday.php) dello SCORE Contest 2018.

> Home brewing, the process of producing beer on a small scale for personal purposes, is an activity that receives growing attention among beer enthusiasts. Every home brewer owns a brewing equipment (kettles, fermenters, pipes, etc.) with a certain maximum brewing capacity, the number of litres the equipment is able to handle in a single "batch". Brewing also requires ingredients, whose actual amounts vary from recipe to recipe; these are various kinds of malts, hops, yeasts and sugars (and of course, water). Brewers like to log their recipes, for future reference, and maintain an updated list of available ingredients, for shopping before the next brew.

> The goal of this project is to develop an application for home brewers thats allows them to maintain a list of recipes, and adapt existing ones. The application must also maintain a list of available ingredients, update this list after a batch and when new ingredients are bought, and produce shopping lists for the next batch. A special characteristic of the application is the "what should I brew today?" feature: it goes through the recipes, and taking into account the available ingredients and brewing capacity of the equipment selects a recipe that can be brewed with the available ingredients, maximizing the use of the ingredients, and the batch size.

#### Descrizione completa
Brew Day! is an application that allows home brewers to maintain an organized database of their beer recipes. The application allows users to create, store and modify recipes, and later on delete them, if the user wishes to do so. The application is intended for "all-grain" brewers only, and thus all recipes are for this kind of brews (the "extract" brews are not supported).

Every home brewer has a specific equipment, whose characteristics leads to a particular "batch size", the maximum number of litres that can be brewed on a single run. Recipes involve, besides water: malts, hops, yeasts, sugars, additives.
While brewers prefer to create recipes referring to concrete values, like kilograms of a specific malt or grams of a specific hops, the application must store these recipes in some "absolute" measure, that allows for a direct conversion of the recipe when the equipment, and consequently the batch size, is updated. For instance, expressing malt quantities as a percentage of the total, and hops as grams per litre of mash, is a possibility.

Besides the actual recipes, the application must maintain recipe instances, i.e., particular brews based on a recipe; these instances can be accompanied by notes to refer to issues that may affect the resulting beer and the brewers would like to keep logged. A particular kind of note is the tasting notes, that allows brewers to keep track of opinions on a beer from a particular brew.

Besides these more traditional features of Brew Day!, the application maintains a list of available ingredients. This allows brewers to be notified about missing ingredients for the next brew. A recipe instance, i.e., a particular brew, should allow users to update the available ingredients list, substracting used ingredients from the available ones. Related to this information, Brew Day! must support a useful feature for brewers: "what should I brew today?" goes through the recipes database, and chooses the recipe that maximizes the use of the available ingredients, taking into account the equipment capacity, of course.